\section{Background}\label{sec:background}

% Explain the idea of software testing

Software testing, the process of running a software system to ensure that it functions as intended, is a vital part of
the software development lifecycle. If software does not meet users' expectations, then it contains a fault.  Developers
can check for these faults by running tests that give the program inputs and check for expected
outputs~\cite{ammann2008}.  If the software produces the expected output for the provided input, then this suggests that
it is functioning correctly.  Yet, if it does not perform as anticipated, then the tests may have found \mbox{a fault}.

% Introduce the idea of a test case and then talk about search-based test data generators

A collection of test cases is called a test suite. A test suite's effectiveness at finding faults is known as its
adequacy, which is assessed by a test suite adequacy criterion.  Writing high-quality test suites requires developers to
painstakingly consider the range of possible inputs --- as anticipated, this is often a challenging and time-consuming
process. Test data generation reduces the burden on a human tester by (semi-)automatically creating test case inputs.
The focus of this paper, search-based test data generators, use a fitness function to direct the method towards the
creation of high-quality test data~\cite{STVR:STVR294}. The fitness function evaluates the quality of the test data,
allowing the data generator to iteratively pursue higher quality inputs.

% Introduce the idea of mutation testing to assess the quality of a test suite

Mutation testing is an adequacy criterion that measures the effectiveness of a test suite by modifying artefact under
test to produce a ``mutant''. The change is meant to simulate an artificial fault, and the mutant artifact is expected
to result in different behavior from the original. The result of the test suite from the original and mutant artefacts
are compared. If the results are the same, then the test suite failed to detect the artificially seeded fault. If the
results are different however, then the test suite was able to differentiate the two artifacts, finding the simulated
fault, and the mutant is said to be ``killed''.  The mutation score is the number of mutants killed divided by the
number of total mutants.

\input{figures/Inventory}

A database is a collection of data. Databases are managed by applications called database management systems
(DBMSs)~\cite{databasebook}.  Relational databases are databases whose data entries can refer to one another. The
database schema is the artefact that lays out the structure of the database, which is organized into tables and columns.
The schema can also define integrity constraints, which are rules that data submitted to the database must meet to be
accepted. If the data violates an integrity constraint specified by the schema, then it is rejected as invalid.
Figure~\ref{fig:schema} shows a simple database schema for recording the number of products kept in an inventory. This
schema defines one table, called \texttt{Inventory}, with four columns.  The \texttt{id} column on line three is given
the \texttt{PRIMARY KEY} constraint, which means that data inserted into this column cannot be left missing or unknown,
and that the values in this column must be unique. If the \texttt{PRIMARY KEY} constraint was left out of the schema by
mistake, then multiple items could be entered with the same \texttt{id} value, which could result in the wrong item
being shipped to the customer in an industrial application.
